Description

As an Insurance Services/Benefits Mgmt colleague, I want the ability to add a new exception record fora specific customer to override their Life/DI price bands so we can give them a concession on cost.

This story is for the UI of the of the Add New Exception button on the new Life and Disability Band Exception page. 

Acceptance Criteria:

Given I’m an Insurance Services colleague with access to Admin Apps > Benefits Gateway > Life an Disability Bands Exception page

When I click the Add New Exception button 

Then 

A template for adding a new row is now visible above the grid.  (See highlighted area in attached screenshot)

This template has fields for the following:

Company Code - editable textbox, blank by default

Company Name - not editable

Start Date - not editable, user must use the date icon to open data picker 

End Date - not editable, user must use the date icon to open data picker 

Assigned Life Band 

not editable, pulls current Life Band for customer, which is tied to NAICS

Override Life Band

dropdown - user can select from hardcoded list of 1, 2, 3, 4

Assigned Disability Band

not editable, pulls current Life Band for customer, which is tied to NAICS

Override Disability Band

dropdown - user can select from hardcoded list of 1, 2, 3, 4

Approver - dropdown, prepopulated. 

Use same names list as the “plan type exception” page's approver list

When I refresh page 

Technical Details: 
1. In BNFT-55687, we created a new component “new-life-&-di-exception“. Inside this component, add the code for each field mentioned in the Jira. Refer “new-exception” component. 
2. Use mat-date picker for date components and reuse “app-combobox” component. 
3. When user enters companyCode and focuses out, call getAllCompanies() in exception-service.ts file 
4. Store Override Life Band and Override Disability Band values in statically in UI.
5. Approver will use the same static list as in plan-type exception 
6. On change of CompanyCode , an API call should be made to fetch company name , 




